## General guidance of version control
1) **Master Branch** - Each repository has a master branch, which is the **Default** branch to work with. The **Master Branch** should be as stable as possible, and each contributor should make sure that any *Pull Request* does not cause conflicts or introduce new bugs.
2) **Experimenting Branch** - To implement a new feature that may or maynot work in the end, an **Experimenting Branch** would be useful in order to have several collaborators working together. This is generally for tasks that are not certain yet, and it might be too difficult to reverse. Pulls from **Experimental Branch** to **Master Branch** should be done when the new features are full validated. 
3) **Collaborator** - Each collaborator may clone or fork from a **selected branch** for your own need. When the changes are done, file a *Pull Request* to the **selected branch**, fix conflicts and accept the request.
4) **Release** - is made from the **Master Branch**. When a release is made, a new branch such as "Release_000" is made, which is for archival purpose. Normally a release branch does not accept any changes. The bug-fixes that do not introduce uncertain features should be made in the **Master Branch**, to be included in new release later.
5) **Project** - is a collection of cards for information exchange and discussion. There is a global one for the entire account, and there is one for each of repositories. Check the **Project** board for informaiton such as project plan and schedule. The cards can be added, edited, moved and deleted.
